docs/services.rst, before:

Services
==========

:doc:`github` class is a glue to all of them and the recommended option to
start

Overview
----------

You can access to the API requests through the different services.

If you take a look at
`github API v3 documentation <http://developer.github.com/>`_, you'll see a
few sections in the sidebar.

**pygithub3** has one service per each section of request-related

For example: ::

    repos => services.repos.repo
        collaborators => services.repos.collaborators
        commits => services.repos.commits
        ....

Each service has the functions to throw the API requests and **is isolated
from the rest**.

.. _config each service:

Config each service
----------------------

Each service can be configurated with some variables (behind the scenes, each
service has her client which is configurated with this variables).

.. note::

    Also you can configure :doc:`github` as a service

.. autoclass:: pygithub3.services.base.Service
    :members:

.. _mimetypes:

MimeTypes
----------

.. autoclass:: pygithub3.services.base.MimeTypeMixin
    :members:

List of services
-------------------

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2

    users
    repos

Commit message:

Complete services.repos doc
Also add Mimetypes doc

docs/services.rst, after:

Services
==========

:doc:`github` class is a glue to all of them and the recommended option to
start

Overview
----------

You can access to the API requests through the different services.

If you take a look at
`github API v3 documentation <http://developer.github.com/>`_, you'll see a
few sections in the sidebar.

**pygithub3** has one service per each section of request-related

For example: ::

    repos => services.repos.repo
        collaborators => services.repos.collaborators
        commits => services.repos.commits
        ....

Each service has the functions to throw the API requests and **is isolated
from the rest**.

.. _config each service:

Config each service
----------------------

Each service can be configurated with some variables (behind the scenes, each
service has her client which is configurated with this variables).

.. note::

    Also you can configure :doc:`github` as a service

.. autoclass:: pygithub3.services.base.Service
    :members:

.. _mimetypes-section:

MimeTypes
----------

Some services supports `mimetypes`_

With them the :doc:`resources` will have ``body``, ``body_text``, ``body_html``
attributes or all of them.

.. autoclass:: pygithub3.services.base.MimeTypeMixin
    :members:

List of services
-------------------

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2

    users
    repos

.. _mimetypes: http://developer.github.com/v3/mime
